# Internet Technologies
### Week 7 - Case studies for Mini Project

##### Book Automation Software
BAS should help the customers query whether a book is in stock. The users can query the availability of a book either using the book title or by using the name of the author. If the book is not currently being sold by the bookshop, then the customer is asked to enter the full details of the book for procurement of the book by the bookshop. The customer can also provide his email address, so that he can be intimated automatically by the software as and when the book copies are received. If a book is in stock, the exact number of copies available and the rack number in which the book is located should be displayed. If a book is not in stock, the query for the book is used to increment a request field for the book. The manager can periodically view the request fields of the book to arrive at a rough estimate regarding the current demand for different books. BAS should maintain the price of various books. As soon as a customer selects his book for purchase, the sales clerk would enter the ISBN numbers of the books. BAS should update the stock and generate the sales receipt for the book. BAS should allow employees to update the inventory whenever the new supply arrives. Also upon request of the owner of the bookshop, BAS should generate sales statistics (viz. book name, publisher, ISBN number, number of copies sold, and the sales revenue) for any period. The sales statistics will help the owner to know the exact business done over any period of time and also to determine the inventory level required for various books. The inventory level required for a book is equal to number of copies of the book sold over a period of one week multiplied by the average number of weeks it takes to procure the book from its publisher. Every day the bookshop owner would give a command for the BAS to print the books which have fallen below the threshold and the number of copies to be procured along with the full address of the publisher.